Here's a super simple project I prepared.
It's a very simple application which has three lengths here in the head or a link to the home page where
we are right now and then I can go to the user page and load user 1.
You can see it in your EHLO that I'm now on user slash 1 or user 2.
And as you can see the idea here in my template on the screen updates depending on which are out a use.
And of course this is one and the same user of component I'm using here in the background and I'm using
an observable.
The parents observable Angler or ships with in the router package to handle the change of these router
parameters because just as a refresher angler doesn't really render the whole user a component just
because the parameter changed.
Therefore it uses observables to still give us a chance to react to this.
Updated ID and this is what we do here with our.
Well with the observable Engelen offers us here now and the last section we implemented this code and
I think it works kind of intuitive because you can basically accept that route parens are some kind
of strange asynchronous object and you subscribe to any events that might send you.
In this case updated parameters and then use simple handle these parameters here in those callback we
passed to the SUBSCRIBE method.
Keep in mind this is just an argument passed to the SUBSCRIBE method here this anonymous function where
we handle the parameters and then we simply extract the ID in this case.
Now as mentioned I'm using observable here so which part of the slide with disk code here basically
be the sending part or the receiving part while the receiving part of course because here we handle
the data.
The data is actually sent by regular.
We don't do this.
You could argue we kind of do it by implementing our links here.
But but that will only kind of trigger it.
The real sending the emitting off the data will be done by angler which recognizes that we clicked such
a router link.
We'll extract the data from this rattling directive and then well basically navigate us.
And at this point of time it will then also push this new data package fruiterer's parents observable.
So here in the SUBSCRIBE method this actually is our observer part to be precise and to stay in our
X chase terms.
Does our subscriber but the subscriber here basically is the observer.
Therefore we could implement more callbacks and just one we only implement the handle the normal data
Colback but the subscriber method always takes three arguments and my ID already shows it here.
We could also implement an anonymous function which gets executed in the case of an error and one which
gets executed if the observable completes.
Now on these routing absorbable here that's not very practical.
It doesn't make much sense because the parents here they will not fail and they will also not complete.
So the first call that here makes the most sense.
We will soon dive into creating our own observables so that we can actually also see the other possible
hooks.
So with that I hope this already makes more sense.
It's clearer what's happening here.
We are subscribing to such an observable which wraps that data source the data source being code and
angular.
You could say which emits a new parameter whenever we click a link.
So in the end our Kollek is the triggering event.
But again angular sets up the observable and then pushes it to give us a new data piece or a new data
package and then we use it here in subscribe function with our subscriber the subscriber basically just
Erastus free methods.
We passed to subscribe set up which is the observer.
So that's how we use it already an angler does what happens behind the scenes.
Now let's implement our own observable to understand a bit better how it really works.